Release notes draft for 6.8.9 (#11851)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-6-1-1,Logstash 6.1.1>>
* <<logstash-6-1-0,Logstash 6.1.0>>

[[logstash-6-8-9]]
=== Logstash 6.8.9 Release Notes

> * Performance: Share a single secret store to reduce overhead for pipelines that use these variables. 
> We no longer incur the cost of repeatedly building the keystore. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/10794[#10794]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* * Performance: improved startup- and reload-time for pipelines with many variable subsitutions when a secret store is present.
We no longer incur the cost of rebuilding the keystore for each substitution.
https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/10794[#10794]
```

* <<logstash-6-1-1,Logstash 6.1.1>>
* <<logstash-6-1-0,Logstash 6.1.0>>

[[logstash-6-8-9]]
=== Logstash 6.8.9 Release Notes

> ---------- DELETE FROM HERE ------------
> === Logstash Pull Requests with label v6.8.9
> 
> * performance: share a single secret store https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/10794[#10794]
> 
> === Logstash Commits between 6.8 and 6.8.8
> 
> Computed with "git log --pretty=format:'%h -%d %s (%cr) <%an>' --abbrev-commit --date=relative v6.8.8..6.8"
> 
> aadf1edad - (HEAD -> 6.8, origin/6.8) [Doc][Backport] Unit qualifier is required 6.8 (#11780) (2 weeks ago) <Karen Metts>
> bf3282cfa - performance: share a single secret store (3 weeks ago) <Ry Biesemeyer>
> 00f6f3b34 - Version bump to 6.8.9 (#11734) (4 weeks ago) <Rob Bavey>
> 30031c8c5 - Release Notes for 6.8.8 (#11704) (5 weeks ago) <Rob Bavey>
> 
> === Logstash Plugin Release Changelogs ===
> Computed from "git diff v6.8.8..6.8 *.release"
> Changed plugin versions:
> ---------- DELETE UP TO HERE ------------
> 
> ==== Plugins

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Performance: share a single secret store https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/10794[#10794]

```
